Luis congratulations you're off the
market senior level for hips and you've
scrolled down here in the borders as
well does that make it extra special
yeah absolutely like it just like to be
involved but I push it out to nearly as
well what started to be involved there
obviously played last week as well
against of a lovely thing is it great to
be involved so early on with the first
thing so yeah right there those we've
all times I knew the opportunities but I
I never knew it was going to be there
sooner just absolutely through involved
how much you enjoy working under head
coach Alan Stubbs as well what do you
feel that you know you're gonna feature
in his plans I was brought yeah well
he's a he said yeah young composer to
comment do well we gotta chanson what
for we should do that yeah it's been a
remarkable 12 months for yourself as
well hasn't it because you really had to
dig in last year and improved to James
McDonough that you you were worthy of a
full-time contract you've earned that
now and now is it just the opportunity
to kick on yeah definitely just got
trying they're just keep keep playing
keep swollen stay fat is amazing and
thoughtful s imagine get tried to the
frosting how please will you last year
to get the East of Scotland first
division flower of the Year award as
well that must have been quite special
honor for yourself yeah I was like it I
was we were surprised myself was only
playing about half the season but I just
absolutely today I did you use that as a
springboard to really kind of force your
way into the under-20s team because then
you obviously were given a chance in the
SPFL under 20 league and it's carried on
scoring in that as well yeah definitely
i just there just feel confident
obviously schooling than i was in good
forming a toot idea to it is frightful
in there two or three years i think it
was well as well i was just too likely
to be involved with that as well so so
many feisty players as well playing and
they're just great experience yeah just
love it if it bizarre how quickly
everything can change it for you he's
obviously looking at Jason comes as well
you know 12 months ago he was a gardener
and how he's obviously been linked with
an english premier league club so it's
bizarre yeah it's crazy you just never
know what could happen in football
there's always surprises in the corner
its glory introducing i hope
o P Q Thursday row
you